Prepare for 7.0.0 release (#1398)
spiral-project/ihatemoney: CHANGELOG.md

This document describes changes between each past release.

## 7.0.0 (unreleased)

- Update all Python dependencies (#1392)

> - Update db versions used in CI to match Debian Trixie (#1392)

Reviewer: Stating what's the version of the database using in the CI might help make things clearer.

```suggestion
- Use postgreSQL 17 and mariadb 11.8 in the CI, to match Debian Trixie (#1392)
```
